Cameron?
Cam?
Can you see me?
No.
On the webcam, webcam.
Dad, wave to me.
I'm waving.
There's a delay.
What? A delay.
Ah, there's a delay?
How are you going?
Can't sleep.
Bloody jet lag, shocker.
I'm sorry it's all so tits up.
What? Tits up!
Where?
I've got to sort some stuff out,
they need me here.
Your uncle Pete's an idiot.
Mum says you're not coming back.
You mustn't listen to
everything she says, mate.
When, then?
I can't say.
Watch this.
HE CLUCKS LIKE A CHICKEN
Watch what? You're just stood there.
Ahhh!
That's a funny
sounding chicken, Dad.
Oh, yeah.
MUSIC PLAYS
Kay?
What?
Squeaky's disappeared.
Good.
So, I've got to do the school run.
Thought you were allergic.
Fran's going to give me a lift in.
Ooh.
You two should just get a room.
Yeah, yeah.
What you up to?
It's the funeral today.
I'm going to go watch Brad.
Do you think you'll see Rita, too?
Maybe.
See if she's heard
from her brother yet,
take her to the arcade.
And if Lech has to stay here,
can you please tell him
to put some clothes on?
So, what happened to the
body on the beach, Dad?
Ah, well, they're everywhere, mate,
washing up all over the place.
Whole country's gone to the dogs.
Wave again. Huh?
I miss you, boy.
I miss you.
Listen, Cam, I'm going to sort
the internet out at your nan's
and then we can Skype.
Stop all this shit.
I love you, Dad.
Watch this.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Cam?
Oh.
Morning, Rita.
Morning.
BELL RINGS
Good luck with your
funeral today, Bradley.
Thanks, sweetheart.
HEAVY METAL MUSIC PLAYS
Oh, that was good.
Tea, good? Good.
Lovely day.
Sun.
Thanks for this, Fran.
Oh, here, you're in
a good mood, aren't you?
Oh, he's always in a good mood.
That's me. Pete?
Yeah?
Nothing.
Stop laughing.
Peter, come.
Come, I show you.
Try.
Mr Green.
Oh, Peter, see this?
Hammer, hammer! Hammer.
Try.
CAR ENGINE REVS
Ah?
Oh, I don't know what to say.
I owe you one. Yes, one.
Careful.
CAR ENGINE REVS
Oh, Fran, why couldn't
you just ask him?
MUSIC PLAYS
Oh!
I suppose the war's over.
No war.
PHONE VIBRATES
Your donkey's vibrating.
Just a minute.
Hello, hello, hello...
SHE SPEAKS ANOTHER LANGUAGE
CHILDREN SHOUTING
Please, stop that.
Please, settle down!
I can see you.
Please, sit down in your seats
and fasten your seat belts.
Back in your seat, now! That's
not your trumpet, is it?
Please, it's not my law,
it's the law of the land.
Sit down, thank you. Please.
Pete, turn around!
Pete, turn! Turn!
KIDS SHOUTING ON THE BUS
SHE SPEAKS ANOTHER LANGUAGE
Bognor, um, Bognor...
..Bognor Regis.
What's up?
Where are you off to?
Crawley.
That'll do.
What about work?
What about it?
CHEERING
Grow up, everyone, grow up.
At least I can make you
beautiful, can't I, darling?
RADIO PLAYS
Off, off, off.
If any of you have taken
the emergency window hammers
from the wall fittings, then, um...
..well, you know who you are.
I'm so sorry, driver.
Come on. I'm so sorry, driver.
Come on, Parish, off you come.
Oh, Parish? Pete?
Did you see Rita this morning?
She's sorting out your mum's garden.
Oh, right.
She seems pretty cool.
Good luck.
Cheers, Pete!
What's that all about?
Pete?
Who's Rita?
Excuse me?
My brother come soon, I go.
Kayla, please.
Kayla?
Eritrea, you say?
What's wrong with Eritrea?
They force them to
join the army there.
Can't leave.
Blimey.
What are you going to do?
She's going to stay with my mum.
Is that what she wants?
Makes sense.
Going to get some advice.
Big commitment, Pete.
Yeah. Not like you.
Barry thinks they're
taking the piss.
Says they all are.
What do you think?
It's what's happening.
Well, we all need looking after.
Suppose.
I could do with a bit
of looking after.
No fireworks, just a... a
cuddle now and again.
Little bit of help.
I've got very low expectations.
Talk straightforward.
Only gets straightforward
when we die, Pete.
SAD MUSIC PLAYS
Mum?
Who's cleaned it all up?
Hello?
Mum?
Mum!
What's going on?
What happened?
The brother came.
I am the brother.
You don't get it, do you, Peter?
Barry.
She fixed it up
and the brother came.
Who?
Course he found her when
they come all that way.
She buggered off sharpish.
Where?
North somewhere.
Shripney? North, you great burt!
Bolton or somewhere.
Leeds.
So, she's not coming back?
Well, she never wanted to be here
in the first place, did she?
Use your loaf.
No-one's here unless
they have to be.
CHILDREN SHOUTING
Uh, sit down, please!
Sit down, back in your seat, now!
PHONE RINGS
Can you take that?
It's my brother.
Hello! Pee-Wee!
She's gone.
What? You mean Rita?
Yeah, and Sheila.
A young visitor, fucked off.
About bloody time, right?
Yeah, problem solved, mate.
Brother came, took her away.
Listen, Barry... let me
phone you back, Barry,
let me phone you back.
Can't believe you bloody
fell for it, Pee-Wee!
Uh, settle down, please!
Can we do this later, Barry?
She took you for a ride, Pete.
No, you don't understand, Barry,
please, it's nothing like that.
Just a bloody fence jumper.
You don't know what
you're talking about, Barry.
She's probably a criminal,
like the rest of them.
Give, give, give, give.
I warned you, Pee-Wee, I told you.
Actually, I tell you what, Barry?
Barry?
What, mate? Why don't you just
shut the fuck up?
Language, please, driver.
Pete?
Pete?!
Pee-Wee?
CHEERING
Settle down!
Simmer down back there.
Pete? What are you thinking?
Pete?
Hold on.
We're going to take a detour.
Woo!
Come on, settle down,
back in your seats.
What's going on, driver?
CHEERING
Shut up!
CHILDREN CHANTING
Pete! Come on, Pete, Roger me.
Roger me now, Pete, come on.
All right, everyone.
OK, everyone, follow me.
All of you, come on!
Quick, quick, quick!
And you! Come on, this way. Come on.
That's it.
Come on, bring, bring, get them out.
Is he all right? Yeah, he's just...
All right, quick as you can.
Quick as you can. Come on, come on!
Dad, what are you doing?
Have we missed it?
No, no, but...  Right.
..why are you here with?
Rita's gone.
What?
She's gone. Where?
No, no, no. She's GONE-gone.
Barry just phoned.
Her brother came for her.
Shit.
They found each other.
Come on! Come on.
That's it.
Right...
Everyone gather round,
this is important.
Please. Come on.
Can someone tell me
what's going on here?
No? Right, well, these people,
the people they're burying,
were trying to come here
last year and they drowned.
Kay? No-one could find
out who they are.
They don't know... Rita's gone.
She didn't even say goodbye.
Shit.
Hang on.
Everything OK, Pete?
Yeah, I'm so sorry to gate-crash,
Brad. It's just, uh, well,
no-one was going to, and I...
...and I was going to... I don't
know what I was going to do.
It's OK, it's all right.
CHILDREN PLAY
THEIR INSTRUMENTS
Persimmon, peremptory, palliative,
Piccadilly Circus.
Ohh.
ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYS
HE FARTS
SHE FARTS
RADIO PLAYS
HE GROANS
HE FARTS
Mm, she very good
looking woman.
She's my daughter, Lech.
Mm. Strong.
Yeah. Yes.
I suppose so.
We never really...
..two big personalities.
Mm.
Birmingham.
Opportunities.
Peter, this party house now, huh?
HE HUMS
Huh?
MUSIC PLAYS
Leave this to me.
CAR ENGINE REVS
Where have you been?
Business. Oh, yeah?
Got waylaid.
Laid?
Pete... I had to do a school trip.
I don't do school trips.
What have you done to your face?
It's all sorted.
I've cleared the tab.
What happened?
Can I borrow your special cushion?
No.
MUSIC: Angels
by Robbie Williams
Twat.
I know.
MUSIC: Angels
by Robbie Williams
Can't believe she's gone.
Didn't think she'd get it together.
Oh, you should be proud of her.
She couldn't stay forever.
Yeah, you drive each other crazy.
Go and drive her mum
crazy for a bit.
Anyway.
Better get on.
You're a free man now.
Suppose I am.
Shall we actually
do that pint, then?
Definitely.
All right, well, I'll text you.
Yeah.
Got your visa?
What?
Legoland.
Oh.
Open borders.
LOUD MUSIC PLAYS
Pete!
Pete! Pete!
Wait! Wait!
Wait, Pete! Pete!
I've just been on
the phone to Kayla.
She's got as far as the
Guildford Travelodge on the A3.
She wants you to fetch her.
Righto.
BUS HORN BEEPS
# Some folk like the weather cold
# It's healthy they tell you
# It may be dense
but where's the sense
# If your nose keeps
turning blue?
# On the day that I was born
I was just a minute old
# I popped my head
'neath the clothes and said,
# "Brr! Don't the wind blow cold?!
# Sailor Joe got
shipwrecked on... #
Here to stay, are you?
# He yelled and raved
As a shirt he waved
# Oh, don't the wind blow cold?
# There's no sense in shivering
until you start to freeze
# What's the use of quivering
and shaking at the knees?
# Cried Maudie on the pillion seat
# "It was great fun I was told
# "But when you ride
with your legs astride
# "Hehe don't the wind blow cold?"
# A Scotchman for an advert once
Around the town he strolled
# On a pair of stilts
in Scotchman's kilts
# Wow, don't the wind blow cold?
# While Miss Jones were in her bath
Our curate called I'm told
# He saw the door ajar
Giggled, "There you are!
# "Oh, don't the wind blow cold?"
# A girl I cuddled in the park said,
"Please let go your hold
# "Something's ripped
and I think it's slipped
# "Oh, Mother,
don't the wind blow cold? #
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org